Cream powders had a reputation problem.
They tasted awful. They were overpriced.
AG1, the category leader, was charging
$79 a month, targeting biohackers and
high performers. It was a hard sell for
the average person. And everyone that
tried to compete failed. So, when a
young couple showed up in 2019 with no
investors, no shelf space, no
credibility, and just an Instagram
account, nobody took them seriously. But
they went from zero to $150 million in 4
years. fully bootstrapped and on top of
that they broke the all-time single skew
sales record in Target's entire health
and wellness department. This is a story
of Bloom and it's one of the most
unconventional DTC brand building
journeys we've ever covered. Hi, I'm
Azar from Zip Chat, the AI agent for
e-commerce that turns browsers into
buyers. And every week on this channel,
we break down one successful DTC brand
and show you their exact strategies so
you can seal it and apply it to your own
Shopify store. Before we jump into the
exact strategies of Bloom, please take a
moment to subscribe to our YouTube
channel to support us and also to not
miss weekly brand breakdowns like this
one. Okay, now that's out of the way,
let's jump into the video. Here's the
situation Gre and Mary walked into in
2019. The supplement space is saturated.
AG1 already owns the premium greens
category. Legacy brands have years of
shelf space and credibility and Bloom is
just two kids in their mid20s, no
corporate backing, operating out of
their dad's house. So every box that you
would check for a credibility of a brand
is basically not checked. So instead of
fighting the category on its own terms,
they really changed the game. They
started by building the community first
and then build the actual product, the
supplement brand. Mary had gone through
a personal 90 pounds fitness
transformation. Craig, her husband, also
a digital marketer by really instinct,
ran Facebook ads with one single CTA. Go
follow Mary, not buy, not sign up, just
go follow her. What they were building
was a full qualified audience in real
life. Every single follower was an
American woman interested in fitness,
highly targeted, highly engaged, and
that community grew to 1.7 million
followers. And crucially, Mary never
signed a gym shack contract or never
signed a competitor supplements
contract. They protected the asset
because they knew what they were
building toward. And when that community
started asking what supplements should
we take, Bloom launched. Okay, you might
be wondering, but how did they find this
money? Well, they had already founded
the entire operation through a $999
download workout PDF. at zero cost of
goods and pure margin, reinvesting every
single dollar back into growing Mary's
audience. So by the time they opened the
doors, the audience was ready. And in
year 1, they reached $13 million in
revenue. Okay, let's talk strategy. The
first strategy is what everything is
built on, the community first funnel.
Most brands run ads to a product. Bloom
run ads to a person. The entire funnel
was Facebook ad, follow Mary, join a
community, eventually convert to a
customer. Even at $23 million in
revenue, 80% of their Facebook ads still
had the CTA go follow Mary, not buy,
just follow. When you acquire a follower
or a subscriber instead of a customer,
you're not just paying for one
transaction. You're paying for a
relationship that converts multiple
times over. So when they launched the
greens powder, their tim exploded from
being women lifting weights to every
women in the United [music] States,
scaling them to $23 million almost
instantly. So what can you apply from
this today? Is there a person, a
mission, or something like a movement
that people would follow even if you
weren't selling anything? That might be
your most valuable acquisition asset.
Build that first, monetize second.
Second strategy is your influencer
machine. At $40 million, which is two
employees, Greg called his best friend
from Wall Street and gave him [music]
one brief copy or boiler room sales flur
and turned it into an influencer
outreach program that became the largest
in-house influencer marketing operations
inside any CPG company. Hundreds of
female creators across Tik Tok and
Instagram, all US-based, all with US
female audiences. And the team managing
that is mostly women under 25 cuz
they're [music] the customer. Their
network drives over 500 million views a
month. That equals two to three Super
Bowl ads every single month at a
fraction of that cost. But here's what
most brands miss. They didn't ask
influencers to really pitch the product.
They just asked them to show it. Morning
routine, daily vlog, bottle somewhere in
the frame. It feels so natural that
sometimes when you're watching an ad
from them, you second guess if it's UGC,
if this person is paid or is it really
like a genuine product review and also
they builds actual real relationships,
birthdays, engagement announcements, HQ
visits. That relation depth is what
makes the program compound over time.
Here's what you can apply today. Build a
dedicated outreach system. Prioritize
relationship depth over follower count.
brief creators to show the product, not
sell. Volume plus authenticity is the
formula. Strategy three is about
specific types of content Bloom uses to
engage viewers into buyers. Bloom runs
210 Facebook ads at all times, not
boosted posts, not random creative. 210
ads running simultaneously and serving a
different purpose. This is volume plus
systems play and meta rewards. Exactly
this type of consistency. Here's how
they break it down. Benefit focused
images. Clean, simple visuals that lead
with what the product does. Energy,
digestion, glowing skin. This type of
ads for them stops the scroll
immediately. Ingredient education
videos, short explainers that explain to
customers why these ingredients matter.
Blue knows most of their customers had
never bought a greens powder before, so
they try to educate and sell through
that. They aim to build trust and kill
any objections before the customer even
visits their product page. unboxing and
daily routine content. Real people, real
moments, the product fitting naturally
into a morning routine. This normalizes
the habit and makes it feel achievable
for a first-time buyer. UGC and social
proof. Customers sharing their own
results. No production budget needed.
Raw authenticity converts way better
than polish ads. But here's the smart
part. Bloom doesn't sell all this
traffic into one hero product. They send
this to multiple SKUs because they know
that returning customers is where the
profit actually lives. So everything
behind that click is designed to push
LTV and AOV higher. Email pop-ups,
special offers, subscribe and save
options and loyalty clubs that make
people come again and again. So what you
can apply build a content system with
each format doing a specific job.
Attention, education, habit, social
proof. And once someone buys, have a
retention system ready. email flows,
subscribe and save loyalty offers.
That's really where the real money is
made. And hey, if you've been enjoying
this video so far, give this video a
thumbs up and subscribe if you already
haven't. Now, on to strategy four. Let's
talk about their Tik Tok shop. Just like
Bloom recognized Amazon's efficiency and
moved super fast, they did the same with
Tik Tok shop. They built an affiliate
army with over $54,000
creators, driving over $8.8 million in
Tik Tok shop sales directly. But the
real win here is in the revenue number.
Every video those creators post lifts
everything else simultaneously. Retail
sales go up, Shopify sales go up, Amazon
search volume goes up. It's literally a
flywheel. Ads creators retail and
repeat. The brands building that
affiliate program right now are doing
what Bloom did on Amazon on 2022. So
what can you take from this? Instagram,
Tik Tok shop, Facebook Messenger.
Affiliate programs across socials is no
longer really optional. They're one of
the highest leverage and lowest cost
awareness channels available to any
e-commerce brand right now. And if
you're not on them or if you're not
building them right now, you're really
missing on a lot. And as your sales go
up, your customer questions go up, too.
And if customers can't find answers to
their questions in 10 minutes or less,
they'll scroll through and find another
competitor that gives them instant
[music] answers. That's exactly why
we've built Zephat, an AI agent
specifically built for e-commerce. And
once it's up and running, Zipot works
across your website, email, WhatsApp,
and all your social channels, so your
customers can get instant answers
wherever they find you. Right now, we
have a special AppSumo deal. We give you
lifetime access instead of $550 a year.
So, for those of you that are
interested, I left a link in the
comments. Also added [music] a special
discount code only for you. We only have
a couple of days left, so go get your
spot. Now, going back to the video.
Okay, strategy 5 is one of the boldest
marketing moves in recent DTC history,
and a lot of people misunderstood it. In
January 2023, Bloom paid $1.3 million to
own the entire front page of Amazon for
24 hours. The headline, Queens never
tasted this good. Everyone asked the
same question. What's the rorowass?
That's a wrong question. Greg actually
bought this for credibility. Walmart
buyers go to Amazon. Target buyers go to
Amazon. investors go to Amazon. When the
world's largest retailer dedicates its
entire homepage to your brand, you stop
being a social media supplement company
and you become somewhat of a serious
player. Then he spend another $1.3
million onto influencers filming
themselves reacting to the takeover,
turning a media buy into a viral
content. Every brand, regardless of the
size, regardless of the money that they
are making, have a credibility moment
available to them. This could be a major
retail launch, a record-breaking sales
week, a press feature, or even a new
feature release. The move is to amplify
it publicly and make it feel bigger than
just a product announcement. Greg calls
this publicly expose moments of
validity. And regardless of your size,
you can build that to your marketing
calendar. Okay. Strategy six is tree
moves that work together. Greg pitched
Target relentlessly, flew to Monopoulos
multiple times, got ignored, but finally
landed a 600 store regional launch in Q4
of 20122. Though bottom shelf, no prime
positioning. When resolution season
approached, he offered Target a 1
million marketing support to go full
chain immediately. The result, the
highest single skew sales week in the
entire history of Target's health and
wellness department, an all-time record.
But here's what actually made it work
and what most DTC brands get wrong when
entering to retail. Bloom drove their
community to the stores. Announced it at
their socials and treated it as a
community when not just a distribution
deal. And they kept their meta
conversion campaigns pointed at their
website, not the stores. Why? Because
Meta optimizes for the signal you give
it. Pointed at buyers. It finds buyers.
Those high intent buyers then showed up
in Target. And while all this was
happening, Bloom made one of the most
important product decisions of their
entire journey. [music] They started
with pre-workout and protein for women
who lift weights. When they launched the
Greens Powder, their TIM exploded from a
very niche fitness audience to every
woman in the United States. That product
decision is what unlocked the $150
million. Okay, let's bring the numbers
together. starts with $13 million, then
23 million, then $70 million, and now
$250
million in 4 years, fully bootstrapped.
Alltime single skew sales record in
Target's health and wellness history,
$12 million in Amazon in a single month,
$54,000 Tik Tok affiliates, more than
$8.8 8 million in revenue from Tik Tok
shop, more than 500 million views per
month across their creator network, more
than 15,000 retail locations, 60
full-time employees, and a headquarters
in Venice Beach. Bloom built $150
million without a single billboard, TV
spot, or outside investor. They built a
community that trusted them before they
ever sold anything and a system that
turned that trust into revenue across
every channel. If you want to see how
Zip Chat can do the same for your store,
the Absimo deal link is in the
description box. Now, thank you so much
for watching this video. And if you got
some value out of it, make sure to hit
that like button and again, subscribe if
you already haven't. It really helps us
a lot. I'll see you guys next week. Bye.